Add [role] option example in rolebinding (#44681)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac.md

  kubectl create rolebinding myappnamespace-myapp-view-binding --clusterrole=view --serviceaccount=myappnamespace:myapp --namespace=acme
  ```

> Create a role binding for a particular role or cluster role. Examples:

Reviewer: (style nit)
```suggestion
Create a RoleBinding for a particular Role or ClusterRole. Examples:
```

>  ```shell

Reviewer: Why indent this line?

  # Create a role binding for user1, user2, and group1 using the admin cluster role
  kubectl create rolebinding admin --clusterrole=admin --user=user1 --user=user2 --group=group1
  
  # Create a role binding for serviceaccount monitoring:sa-dev using the admin role

>   kubectl create rolebinding admin-binding --role=admin --serviceaccount=monitoring:sa-dev

Reviewer: Try this:
```shell
# Create a RoleBinding for user1, user2, and group1, that is bound to an existing ClusterRole named "admin".
# The RoleBinding goes into the namespaces that kubectl is targeting in its current configuration context.
kubectl create rolebinding clusteradmin --clusterrole=admin --user=user1 --user=user2 --group=group1

# Create a RoleBinding for a ServiceAccount named dev-observability, bound an existing Role named "view"
# The ServiceAccount is in the "monitoring" namespace but the Role and RoleBinding are in the "dev" namespace
kubectl --namespace dev create rolebinding dev-observability-view --role=view --serviceaccount=monitoring:dev-observability
```

SIG Auth folks, does that example help teach the concepts involved?
